[Music]
hello everyone blind dweller here whilst
I was going through my to-do list of
what artists to explore next on my
channel I realized something quite
interesting recently in spite of the
many talented European artists I've
covered so far as well as many artists
across the Atlantic from me it seems
I've hardly touched upon the incredibly
profound and eye openening creativity of
artists from Asia apart from maybe Japan
where I've done a video on Yuko tashima
and mango artist
shintaro but that is literally it and to
be honest I want to put a stop to that
there is so much we can learn from art
from all corners of the globe to widen
our perspective of not only how we view
art but how we view each other and
ourselves including from the biggest
continent in the world so today my
friends I present to you an artist I've
recently become obsessed with named Zang
fangji considered to be a pivotal figure
in contemporary Chinese art Zen fangji
has garnered International Acclaim for
his emotionally charged and technically
masterful paintings that delve into the
complexities of identity the tensions
between tradition and modernity and the
universal human experiences of
vulnerability and
isolation born in 1964 in Wuhan China
Zen's artistic Journey has been
intrinsically linked to the rapid social
and cultural transformations of his
homeland his early Works characterized
by raw depictions of human figures and
visceral scenes mirrored the anxieties
and alienation of a society grappling
with
modernization as zang's career
progressed his artistic Vision evolved
to Encompass a broader range of themes
and
influences he began incorporating
elements of Western art history and
traditional Chinese Aesthetics
culminating his iconic mask series which
has become synomous with his name these
enigmatic portraits featuring figures
donning stylized masks explore themes of
social Conformity hidden emotions and
The Mask we wear to navigate the
complexities of Modern Life in this
video we will embark on a journey of
exploration through Zang fi's life and
career tracing his artistic development
from his early works to his most recent
Creations we will examine some of his
most iconic works that shaped his
artistic presence as well as a brief
look at his experiences growing up in
China during his significant political
and cultural upheaval and his exposure
to Western art and culture please be
sure to subscribe and ring the
notification Bell if you want to see
more videos from me that explore the
weird and wonderful and often
misunderstood side of the art world and
on that note welcome to another video
everyone I invite you to join me today
to explore the life and artwork of Zang
[Music]
fi born in Wuhan China in
1964 Zang fi's early life was shaped by
a turbulent cultural revolution a period
of immense social and pol iCal
upheaval amidst his turmoil he
discovered a passion for art and sought
refuge in Creative expression he honed
his skills at a hub Academy of Fine Arts
where he immersed himself in oil
painting and found inspiration in the
Raw emotionality of German
expressionism this early influence laid
the foundation for his artistic Vision
characterized by its visual intensity
and psychological depth some of zang's
earliest pieces completed during the
1980s jump in between different styles
very frequently from Humble Still Life
paintings to bold abstract works but it
wouldn't be until the early 1990s that a
definitive style began to take
root during this period Zen moved to
Beijing a city undergoing rapid
transformation and modernization the
star contrast between Traditional Values
and the emerging capitalist culture
became a central theme in his work his
iconic mask series a powerful reflection
of this era depicting individuals
wearing masks to conceal the
vulnerabilities and anxieties in the
face of social
pressures the series resonated deeply
with audiences both in China and abroad
cementing Zen's reputation as a keen
Observer of a human condition as Zen's
career progressed his artistic
exploration expanded Beyond social
commentary he delved into diverse themes
and styles incorporating elements of
traditional Chinese art and Western art
history his portraits landcapes and
still lives are Testament to his
Technical virtuosity and his ability to
evoke a range of emotions through his
brush
Strokes he has captured the likeness of
political figures and celebrities each
portrait revealing a unique glimpse into
their inner worlds Zen's impact extends
far beyond the canvas his Works have g a
critical claim and achieved
record-breaking prices at auctions
solidifying his status as a leading
figure in the international Art Market
he has been featured in prominent
exhibitions worldwide captivating
audiences with his emotional depth and
artistic
Innovation Beyond his artistic
achievements Zang is also recognized for
his philanthropic Endeavors he actively
supports charitable initiatives in China
and Beyond demonstrating a commitment to
social responsibil ability through his
art and philanthropy Zen fi continues to
leave an enduring Legacy inspiring
artists and art enthusiasts alike with
his unique vision and unwavering
dedication to his craft whilst on the
subject let's now take a look at some of
his most important works that shaped
such a legacy
[Music]
our first painting exploration for us
today is Zen fany's Hospital trip tick
number one completed in 1991 this tripti
is a seminal work that not only
catapulted the artists to International
recognition but also serves as a
poignant reflection of China's social
political climate during this period of
his life his work is an ambitious
undertaking for a graduating student
demonstrating zang's Mastery of
technique and his unique unque visual
language that would later become his
signature
style for those who may not know a
triptic is an art term for a piece of
art displayed through three canvases
placed side by side to create a kind of
panoramic view of a scene or theme that
the artist wishes to convey in the case
of Hospital triptic number one each
panel of a triptic offers a different
perspective on a hospital experience
creating a narrative that unfolds across
the canvases
the left panel depicting patients
awaiting treatment is characterized by a
palpable sense of anxiety and
anticipation the figures are tightly
clustered their bodies contorted in
discomfort and their faces etched with
wide-eyed Expressions that range from
despondency from the doctors and concern
from the
patients the central panel shifts for
Focus to the operating room where the
vulnerability of a human body is exposed
in let's be honest
the most unflattering way possible the
surgical procedure seems to be depicted
with unflinching realism highlighting
the sterile environment and the almost
detached demeanor of a medical staff the
final panel showcasing the aftermath of
a surgery is imbued with a sense of
resignation and exhaustion the patients
now bandaged and immobilized lying their
beds their faces seemingly empty of
emotion as they stare into
space when looking at the three panels
side by side however we get a true sense
of what the overall theme seems to be
projecting for example the first
painting might be read as fairly
benevolent but when accompanied with the
claustrophobic crowd of Surgeons around
the naked figure in the middle panel and
the Apparently grinning doctor in front
of the suffering patients in the third
panel suggests a class-based suffering
in which the vulnerable patients are
powerless at the hands of poten
potentially sadistic doctors who might
also represent other kinds of
authoritarian
abuse zang's technical skill is evident
in his meticulous attention to detail
and his ability to capture the nuances
of human expression although the figures
are warped and almost cartoon-like in
design they are also simultaneously
rendered with a visceral realism but is
both captivating and
unsettling their skin is pallet their
veins bulging beneath the surface the
Shadows deepening the Contours of their
faces is a haunting result of the
theatrical style of lighting Zang has
created here their eyes are Hollow and
sunken reflecting the emotional toll of
their
ordeal zang's use of color further
enhances the emotional impact of the
work the predominant Hues of Browns and
Grays are muted and earthy creating a
sense of Decay and uncertainty
the occasional subtle sight of blood
whether contained in glass vials or
staining the bandages of patients serve
as a St reminder of a physical trauma
endured by them Beyond its aesthetic
merits Hospital triptic number one is a
powerful social commentary the
inspiration behind this work came from
scenes witnessed by Zang in a hospital
in his hometown which prompted Zang to
create a series of paintings now known
collectively as the hospital series
which included this tripti alongside
many other harrowing depictions of
suffering in a sterile and forboding
Hospital
environment as Zang himself explains
quote life was very different then we
were poor I mean really poor I lived
next to the hospital and we didn't even
have a toilet so I used those of a
hospital every day what I saw left a
strong imprint on me end quote
oddly enough during this period Zang was
also studying German expressionism and
for those of you who may have seen my
documentary on auto dicks you have to
admit this triptic is very reminiscent
of a new objectivity movement where
portrayals of everyday life are not
romanticized or glorified but instead
presented with a very strong Taste of
rawness and
ugliness just as Otto Dix was brutally
satirizing the Vima Republic of Germany
at the time Zen seems to be satirizing
his own surroundings in an equally blunt
and Unapologetic way to expose the often
ignored social
upheavals for example this other trip
tick included in the series completed
the following year in 1992 under a
simple title of Hospital triptic number
two captures a very similar atmosphere
arguably more
potently when looking at the dramatic
dominating Central panel in this work to
me it captures an almost biblical iCal
scene of Jesus Christ being taken down
from the cross a theme very common in
paintings all throughout history with
the female figure dressed in a nurse's
uniform holding the patient like the
Virgin Mary holding Jesus amongst a
crowd of disciples which in this case
are depicted as more Hospital staff and
other patients and possibly loved ones
of a central figure in the arms of a
nurse there are also three patients in
total lying on a crude hospital bed or
table the one in the middle looking very
similar to our Central panel patient the
significance of this is that much like
the crucifixion of Christ two other
condemned men named jestus and dmus were
crucified alongside Jesus this
significance Cuts deeper when looking at
the final panel on the right that shows
our central figure once again apparently
well or at least revived whilst the
other two accompanying patients remain
lying emotionless possibly even dead on
the table from a certain point of view
it appears as if our central figure has
been resurrected from certain death
again much like Jesus Christ in his
resurrection whilst the other two
patients have sadly not been so
fortunate it's interesting how close to
this biblical story the scene is when
you really pick things apart and it
honestly wouldn't surprise me if Zen
someone so passionate about learning
from different art movements throughout
history masterfully combines his
experiences of regularly visiting the
hospital with the classical art
movements that depicted scenes from The
Bible one thing is for certain this work
seems to offer an intimate opportunity
for the viewer to ponder on death and
suffering with this cultural blend of
Renaissance art with that of his own it
beautifully ascends his Hospital series
to the realm of philosophy a transition
made from a depiction of an individual
Chinese patient to consideration of the
universal problems of suffering that
many of us
experience zang's Hospital series as
whole serves as a very profound
exploration of mortality and the human
body but this would be only a delicate
sbet to tease your pallets in the grand
scheme of things because now we're going
to take a look at some examples from
arguably a much more harrowing series
that followed
[Music]
[Laughter]
this painting completed in 1992 simply
titled meat is one of zang's most
well-known examples of a series known
appropriately enough as the meat
Series this oil on canvas painting
confronts a viewer with a Roar and
unsettling depiction of a butchered
carcass with its muted gray brown color
palette harsh brush strokes and his
vibrant red flesh starkly contrasted
against a sterile
background the composition is
deliberately simple allowing the
grotesque beauty of the meat to dominate
the canvas and evoke a visceral response
from a
viewer in terms of imagery we're
presented with a back room of a butcher
shop with two large butcher knives
hanging on the wall and dozens of meat
hooks hanging from the ceiling some of
which are holding animal
carcasses on the floor we can see more
carcasses some partially covered by a
white sheet within the scene of blood
and aul we can see two figures one
stands behind the pile of meat on the
floor wearing white boxer shorts and a
white vest and is holding another
carcass the second figure stands
prominently in front looking directly at
the viewer topless and white boxes Blood
Stained running shoes and he also
appears to be holding a lip
cigarette much like the room itself
these two figures are covered in blood
to a point where it seems their bodies
hardly differ from the bloodstained
carcasses that surround them the
painting's composition is a chaotic yet
carefully orchestrated arrangement of
raw meat slabs their vivid Reds and
pinks contrasting against the gloomy
background Zen fi's expressive brush
strokes and impasto technique create a
tactile quality inviting a viewer to
almost feel the textures and experience
the visceral nature of the subject
matter the artist deliv a choice of a
large scale format further amplifies the
painting's impact enveloping a viewer in
his unsettling
Beauty in likeness to his Hospital
series Zang found inspiration for his
meat series by his everyday sites and
experiences as explained by one of my
favorite visual art history websites
theartstory.org or Zang would comment on
a specific time during his school years
where he experienced the sights and
smells of a butcher shops in his Wuhan
neighborhoods on the way to school
recounting how often he saw workers
lying on top of frozen meat in an
attempt to cool down during the hot
months
quote as a young man these were Vivid
and indelible images that conjure
powerful and mixed
feelings one of those was Hunger because
we were poor but also horror as a blood
of a meat stained the workers and
handers I used a lot of red during this
phase of my work the color repulsed yet
fascinated me at that time end
quote inspired by these memories Zang
ultimately completes the raw essence of
life and death presenting a visceral
betrayal of Flesh that transcends its
literal
depiction this in turn leaves us with a
wide space to fit in many
interpretations one of the most
noticeable patterns based on what we've
seen of his work so far is Zen once
again is rebelling against a decent or
wholesome depiction of a day-to-day
Society advocated by socialist realism
in Chinese art of time instead he
chooses to show the warts and all
perspective of what really happens in
the workingclass Realms of a country
with all imperfections boldly on display
going back to the figures and how their
bodies almost blend seamlessly with that
of a meat carcasses this skillfully
reveals zang's proposal of an
equivalency amongst the dead and living
in this painting in other words it
reminds us that human beings are also
constituted of Flesh and suggests the
objectification of people is being seen
as nothing but pieces of meat dwelling
in oppressive
societies some perceive it as a critique
of consumerism whilst others see it as
commentary on the political and social
climate of early 1990s China with the
meat symbolizing repressed desires and
anxieties this painting may also prompt
contemplation on the relationship
between humans and animals raising
ethical questions about our consumption
of meat and its
consequences I'm not vegan or strictly
vegetarian myself but even I can't help
but see glimpses of a sense of
nonduality between the carcasses and the
figures when presented side by side in
this manner there ultimately isn't that
much difference at all showing more of
our similarities than our differences
between us and
animals also much like Hospital triptic
number one there are subtle glimpses of
religious symbolism once again the white
sheep for example elicits associations
with the sheep that covered the body of
Christ while meat and bleeding bodies in
the Bible symbolize both sacrifice and
salvation
leaving open questions of what is
offered up in this composition of
blooded bodies and to whom Beyond its
immediate visual impact meat holds an
arguably deeper resonance delving into
existential themes of mortality
vulnerability and the fleeting nature of
existence the raw flesh serves as a St
reminder of our own physicality and the
inevitable Decay that awaits us all by
confronting a viewer with this uncomfort
ible reality Sayang challenges us to
reflect on our own mortality and the
choices we make in our
lives upon completion this painting
presented a radical challenge to Chinese
art and painting at the time remaining
as impactful and unusual in an
international context via its uneasy
ambiguity
[Music]
Zen fi's Mass series number six
completed in 1996 is a pivotal work that
greatly embodies the social political
and emotional Landscapes of China during
its rapid economic
transformation this Monumental dip tick
comprising of two canvases each
measuring 200 by 180 cm confronts
viewers with eight Mass figures lined up
against a stark yellow
background this again would be one
example out of many contained within a
series under the same name of masks
which began shortly after Zen relocated
to
[Music]
Beijing the figures dressed in oversized
western clothing Donna uniform mask a
grotesque smiling VIs that conceals
their true emotions in a disturbing and
oppressive way the exaggerated
expressions of a masks only heighten the
sense of the facade as if straining to
Bear a smile in a way that's completely
unnatural this concealment mirrors the
societal pressures to conform and
project an image of success and
happiness even as the individual
experiences internal turmoil and
alienation Zen would comment on this
directly after arriving in b Jing as
follows it was a drastic change
everything was so Monumental in scale I
felt a total sense of solitude of
isolation China was changing very fast
in the '90s people wore suits and ties
but you could tell they were really
uncomfortable inside there is a
tradition of performing with masks and I
painted every character with a white
mask on End
quotes the masks thus serve a poignant
metaphor for the dehumanizing effects of
modernization and the loss of
individuality in a rapidly changing
world it's apparent that Zen felt that
he as well as the other modern Chinese
urbanites were obliged to hide behind
figurative masks hiding negative
feelings of sadness distress and
loneliness and instead pretending to be
happy and thriving no matter how far
from a truth it may be as if they're
hostages to their own societ
zang's technical skill is clear to see
in his meticulous rendering of the
figures and the subtle variations in
their postures and expressions despite
the uniformity of their
attire the vibrant yellow background
while seemingly monotonous amplifies a
sense of artificiality and unease
highlighting a figure's isolation and
Detachment from their
surroundings the M series number six is
not only a ref reflection of China's
social political climate but also a
testament to Zen's ability to blend
Western and Eastern artistic
Traditions when I posted a picture of
this piece of art on my channel one
suggestion came in that it might have
been a piece painted by James enzor and
I have to admit I wouldn't be surprised
if this was another Western artist that
influenced sang even his use of oil
paints and large scale of the canvases
are reminiscent of Western painting
while the flatness of a picture plane
and the symbolic use of color evoked
Chinese ink
painting this synthesis of styles speaks
to Zen's own hybrid identity shaped by
both his Chinese upbringing and his
exposure to Western Art during his
studies this is also evident in the
style of the white masks themselves that
bear a strong resemblance to The Masks
used in Chinese Opera and also reference
of the Mask of the western dress and
modernity the mask of whiteness Zang
references in his recollect of the
changing face of China in the '90s
if we look closer at the attire the
figures are wearing you will notice the
red kerchiefs that relate to the young
Pioneers the young movement of a
Communist party in China this detail
lets a whole new layer to the theme of
zang's M series Zang had grown up during
a time when every school child aged
between 6 and 14 aspired to receive the
red kerchief seen by society as a sign
of acceptance and achievements in the
little Rec guard years later he still
resented being denied this reward by a
teacher at his Elementary School that he
describes as strange and vindictively
abusive leaving him as one of only three
children in a class of 54 without it
resulting in him being routinely mocked
and bullied by his
peers the figure's oversized hands make
them both cartoon-like but also
disturbing on a more subtle level as it
emphasizes how frequently fists were
thrown to damage those who Dar to
disagree or to those who simply did not
fit
in the painting has been sold twice at
auction setting records for Chinese
Contemporary Art each time the first
sale in 2008 fetched for roughly $9.7
million Us in Hong Kong while the second
sale in 2020 reached a staggering 23.3
million
us these figures ATT test of a growing
Global recognition of zang's artistic
vision and his ability to capture the
complexities of a human condition in the
face of Rapid
change to me M series number six is more
than just a painting it is a cultural
artifact that encapsulates the anxieties
and aspirations of a generation caught
between tradition and
modernity it is a testament to Zen
fany's artistic ability to create works
that spread awareness of drastic
indoctrination and that resonate deeply
with viewers across cultural
[Music]
boundaries I'd like us now to take a
look at self-portrait this time simply
titled self-portraits completed by Zang
in
1996 this work is a complex and
emotionally charged Masterpiece that
encapsulates the artist's personal
struggle and the soop political climate
of post tanim in
China in this particular self-portrait
Zen depicts himself wearing an
unbuttoned trench coat crumpled trousers
and a blue t-shirt the red cchie makes
an appearance once again as well and his
signature oversized hands are down by
his side as he gazes at the viewer with
a sense of solemn calmness in his
expression of course we already know the
significance of the Red Scarf within
Zen's paintings that allude to childhood
trauma but when mixed with his Western
attire he is representing not only his
own hybrid identity but also the
increasingly globalized identity of the
People's Republic of China the
calligraphy on the walls much like the
red kerchief would also thrust the
viewers of a Chinese public back to
their youth as a calligraphy is very
reminiscent of what would be found on
the walls of any typical Chinese
classroom of his
generation this calligraphy also reminds
Chinese viewers of a tradition of
Literati portraiture where Scholars
would accompany their self-portraits
with poetic reminition on their
philosophies written in an ornate
style there is also the Curious sight of
smashed watermelons that are spread
across the floor by zang's feet these
are believed to serve as a proxy for raw
flesh while at the same time their red
Hues symbolizes Chinese communism and
its
ruins the violence apparance in the torn
smashed watermelons contrast sharply
with the calm demeanor of the artist
creating the sense of tension between
chaos and serenity typical of nearly all
of zang's artworks and analogous of a
society told to maintain a sense of
strength and Poise within a world that
appears to be chaotic and
oppressive aside from the blend of
Western and Chinese symbolism that we've
already discussed there is also another
subtle nod to Western art history when
comparing this work to another
self-portrait by the well-known German
artist Max Beckman completed in
1917 titled self-portrait with red
scarf when viewing these self-portraits
side by side we can already see that
both feature the artists with a red
scarf around their necks albeit with
very different cultural significance as
well as distorted oversized
hands interestingly Beckman was an
artist who use self-portraiture to
question the validity of his occupation
much like how Zen in his self-portrait
appears to be questioning his current
predicament in a newly capitalist China
whether or not this is accurate to what
the artist intended is not entirely
certain but it's interesting to see his
love for satirical German Arts leak
through into his work even if only at a
subtle level and how such powerful
themes in this genre of art are easily
applicable to most if not all societal
struggles in every corner of the world
[Music]
Zen fi's 2004 painting named T anaman is
a large scale oil painting that serves a
complex and multi-layered commentary on
Chinese modern history this time
particularly focused on the legacy of
Mal Zong and the Tian Square protests of
1989 the painting features a ghostly
distorted portrait of Mao Zedong the
Founding Father of the People's Republic
of China the portrait is both realistic
and surreal with crude black outlines
and a fragmented appearance this
Distortion can be interpreted as a
reflection of the complex and often
contradictory nature of Ma's
Legacy the background of a painting
depicts a blurry and disjointed tanaman
Square the site of the 1989
pro-democracy protests that were
violently suppressed by the Chinese
government the Square's muted colors and
hazy outlines create a sense of disorder
and suggests the government's attempts
to erase the memory of a protest from a
public
Consciousness zang's characteristically
thick and expressive brush stroke
ignites sensations of energy and
dynamism while also contributing to the
overall feeling of
disorientation the imagery of chairman
Mau takes the viewer right to the heart
of what the painting repres presents in
many ways this painting can be seen as a
Critical examination of Ma's Legacy
highlighting both his revolutionary
achievements and the devastating
consequences of his policies such as a
cultural revolution the distorted
portrit suggests a difficulty of
reconciling these conflicting aspects of
his rule Zen himself would even describe
ma as being quote a lingering ghost
residing over popular
Consciousness and
quote the Blurred and abstracted
depiction of tianan square serves as a
reminder of a government's suppression
of dissent and its attempts to control
historical
narratives the painting invites viewers
to remember the events of 1989 and
reflect on their ongoing
significance the painting can also be
interpreted as a broader commentary on
Chinese identity and the challenges of
navigating between tradition and
modernity the position of mouse portrait
with the cityscape of Beijing highlights
the tension between the past and present
as well as the ongoing struggle to
define a national identity in a rapidly
changing
world I wish I could elaborate further
on the events depicted in this painting
but it's important to note that the
tienan square protests of 1989 are a
sensitive topic and the Chinese
government continues to suppress
information and discussion about the
events so as a result find it quite
difficult to obtain fully accurate and
unbiased information about the protests
however numerous eyewitness accounts
photographs and videos that you'll
likely come across attest to the violent
Crackdown on the protesters and the
event remains a significant turning
point in modern Chinese
history regardless of one's
interpretation or thoughts on the event
itself tienan remains a powerful and
thought-provoking work of art that
continues to sparkk debate and
discussion about Chinese past present
and
[Music]
future Zen fangi the land is so rich in
Beauty too completed in 2006 is another
large scale oil painting that embodies
his signature style while simultaneously
engaging with complex themes in
contemporary Chinese Society
[Music]
the painting depicts a snowy landscape
likely inspired by chairman Ma's poem
snow from which a series title this land
is so rich in beauty is
derived however Zang subverts the
idyllic imagery of a poem by employing
chaotic and expressive brush work the
snow covered mountains and trees are
rendered in thick gestal Strokes
creating a sense of turbulence and
unease the painting is composed along a
diagonal axis from top left to bottom
right and along this line appears to be
a tangled hedge R of leaves twigs and
branches with a snowy ground below the
crude and quick application of paint
gives this work a sense of unease like
trying to piece together an abstract
image of a
dream contextually the title of the
series drawn from Ma's poem could be
seen as intentionally ironic while Ma's
poem praises the beauty and abundance of
China Zen's paintings expose the
contradictions and anxieties beneath the
surface the artist's technique of using
two paint brushes at once when making
this piece one controlled and the other
spontaneous further emphasizes this
duality in this way he uses abstract
expressionist and surrealist techniques
to leave traces of a psychological
tension between both his personal psyche
as well as within contemporary Chinese
society and culture in other words words
one could easily interpret this visual
dissonance as reflecting the underlying
tension between the idealized image of
China presented in propaganda and the
lived reality of Rapid social and
economic
change as we've already seen zang's work
often explores themes of identity
alienation and psychological impact of
societal
transformations in this land is so rich
and Beauty too the landscape becomes a
metaphor for the Chinese Nation
struggling to reconcile its past with
its
present the painting can be seen as a
commentary on the environmental
degradation and social upheaval caused
by rapid industrialization and
urbanization you have to admit that
there is a strange sense of abandon in
this imagery almost as if Nature has
been left to rot totally neglected and
left
[Music]
behind Zen Fan's artistic trajectory not
only stands as a testament to his
individual genius but also as a vibrant
reflection of the evolving cultural
landscape of China his bold
experimentation with Western artistic
conventions juxtaposed with deeply
rooted Eastern philosophical undertones
has birthed a unique visual language
that resonates
globally the emotional rawness of his
Earthly M series a poignant commentary
on the masks that we all wear in the
face of societal pressures paved the way
for a more interesting perspective and
nuanced exploration of human
vulnerability and the existential
condition in his later works Zen U an
intricate tapestry woven with threads of
personal experience and Collective
Consciousness serves as a rich source of
inspiration and contemplation for art
enthusiasts and Scholars
alike his profound influence extends
beyond the realm of art as his Works
offer a valuable lens through which to
understand the complexities of
contemporary Chinese society and his
Ever Changing relationship with the
global
Community as his artistic Journey
continues to unfold of his day it
wouldn't surprise me if Zang fi's
indelible mark on the international art
scene will continue to deepen
solidifying his legacy as one of the
most significant satirical artists of
Our
Generation his unwavering commitment to
Artistic integrity and his ability to
evoke profound emotions through his
canvases serve as a reminder of the
endur power of art to transcend cultural
boundaries and touch the very essence of
our
existence thank you for watching
everyone I hope you found this video
informative and maybe even inspiring
enough to check out more works by Zang
fanasy personally I really recommend
looking through more works of his
hospital and meat series as there's so
many hard-hit examples that share much
of what Zang experienced and it's well
worth having your own personal
experience with them before I officially
end this video I'd like to as per usual
share some artwork sent in by one of my
lovely viewers for the end of video
feature I like to call artist corner and
today's featured artist is named Anna
Meyers Anna graduated from Lamar
University with a degree in print making
and ever since she's perfected a
signature style of drawings and
sculptures that look like creatur from
the darkest depths of our nightmares and
they just look awesome I first came into
contact with Anna after she emailed me a
wonderfully written article on an
exhibition of her work that took place
last year in bermont Texas USA which
I've also left a link for in the
description below what I discovered were
leathery warped and contorted sculptures
look like extraterrestrial parasites but
look more alive than just mere objects
which also serve as an extension of
masterful drawings each drawing is
oozing with detail and immersed in a
dramatic and unsettling lighting very
reminiscent of HR Giger in my opinion
but what makes Anna's work Stand Out is
his ambiguity you're never quite sure
what your face to face with whether it
be a living creature remnants of an
ancient mystical civilization or perhaps
even an abstract physical embodiment of
our complex emotions or thoughts I think
this is some serious iously compelling
artwork for any art fan to explore so
I'm really excited to share her work
with you today please head over to her
Instagram which I've left a link for
below along with a link to take you
straight to our exhibition article as
well if you want to have a look if you
too are an artist and would like me to
Spotlight some of your hard work I'd
love to meet you all you have to do is
send me an email with examples of your
work and a paragraph or two about
yourself to Blind dweller
gmail.com I'm making it official from
here on onwards by the way that I'm now
only accepting submissions via email but
of course I'm always still looking
forward to getting to know you guys
through Instagram and my blind dwellers
Art Club on Discord so if you want to
say hi through those platforms please
feel free finally as always a huge thank
you to all of my patrons and channel
members the fact is making these videos
takes a lot of time and research to make
over 40 hours a week sometimes despite
the very little money I make so the
extra support you guys Prov IDE is
honestly so humbling and helps keep this
channel alive so here's a personal shout
out to all of my top tier
donators lorri Gallardo Port Pera miles
Z gra Vlad ziv Tyler Butler Eric Lam
marker Dave MC molil H's Place
eok Leaf flowers Calvin Kai the new on G
24 aiser Charlie sanesi Ken B and Carol
H that's all for me this time thanks
again for watching see you in the next
one soon keep being creative and bye for
now